Add details around account and password reqs (#8132)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/set-up-common-area-phones.md

description: "Learn how to set up Common Area Phones for lobbies, reception areas, and conference rooms "
---

> ## Account and Security Considerations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Account and security considerations
```

> We recommend that Office 365 accounts that are created for use on Common Area Phones have password expiry disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend that password expiry be disabled in Office 365 accounts that are created for use on common area phones.
```

> While common area phone licensing does not include an Intune license, you may choose to assign an Intune license to a common area phone account, so that the device may register within Intune.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While Common Area Phone licensing does not include an Intune license, you might choose to assign an Intune license to a Common Area Phone account so that the device could register within Intune.
```

> Just like other Office 365 user accounts, accounts used on Common Area Phones support multi-factor authentication. If you choose to enable MFA for your Common Area Phone accounts, plan how you will receive and enter the MFA authentication code on each handset during sign-in. Ensure you register each account for MFA prior to signing in to each phone handset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Just like other Office 365 user accounts, accounts used on common area phones support multifactor authentication (MFA). If you choose to enable MFA for your Common Area Phone accounts, plan how you will receive and enter the MFA code on each handset during sign-in. Ensure that you register each account for MFA prior to signing in to each phone handset.
```

In the steps below, we'll help you set up an account for Phone System to deploy common area phones for your organization. For a more complete meeting room experience, including audio conferencing, consider purchasing the dedicated Meeting Room license with a meeting room device. 

First, you need to purchase a Common Area Phone (CAP) license and make sure that you have a certified phone. To search for and learn more about certified phones, go to [Microsoft Teams devices](https://products.office.com/microsoft-teams/across-devices?ms.url=officecomteamsdevices&rtc=1).

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Licensing

> Common area phones require an Office 365 user account with sufficient licensing. You can either purchase and assign a **Common Area Phone** license, or assign one of your existing **E5**, or **E3 with Phone system** licenses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Common area phones require an Office 365 user account with the required license. You can either purchase and assign a **Common Area Phone** license or assign one of your existing **E5** or **E3 with Phone System** licenses.
```
